Add style guideline for `const-decl` best practices (#8884)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/style-guide/top-level-definitions.md

* Do not keep spaces between the organization name, divider `/`, and module name.

    **Example:**

    ```ballerina
    import ballerina/http;
    ```

* Imports should be sorted alphabetically, first by the organization name and then by the module name.

## Constant declaration

* Use the SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE for constant names.

    **Example:**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const minAge = 20;
    const MinAge = 20;
    const min_age = 20;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    ```

> * It is recommended to define the constants without the type descriptor, unless the type descriptor is used as the inherent type.

Reviewer: Shall we add an example for the case mentioned by "the type descriptor is used as the inherent type" under the `Dos` section? It would make the point clearer to the user.

Author: It seems default values are not supported either.
```bal
const Person P1 = {name: "Frank"};

type Person record {|
    int age = 21;
    string name;
|};
```

Can't think of an example for the moment.

> * It is recommended to define the constants without the type descriptor, unless the type descriptor is used as the inherent type.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to say it is recommended?

What about just

```suggestion
* The type descriptor can be omitted in a constant declaration unless the type descriptor is required to construct the value (e.g., provide defaults, provide expected types to determine the inherent type. etc.).
```

Author: ```suggestion
* The type descriptor can be omitted in a constant declaration unless the type descriptor is required to construct the value (e.g., provide defaults, provide expected types to determine the inherent type, etc.).
```

    **Example:**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const int MIN_AGE = 20;
    const decimal TAX_RATE = 0.15;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    const TAX_RATE = 0.15d;
    ```

> * Explicitly defining the type descriptor can enhance readability, particularly when the constant is defined with a compound expression. This practice provides clarity about the expected type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Explicitly defining the type descriptor can enhance readability, particularly when the constant is defined with a compound expression.
```

* Imports should be sorted alphabetically, first by the organization name and then by the module name.

## Constant declaration

* Use the SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE for constant names.

    **Example,**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const minAge = 20;
    const MinAge = 20;
    const min_age = 20;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    ```

* It is recommended to define the constants omitting the type descriptor, unless the type descriptor is used as the inherent type.

    **Example,**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const int MIN_AGE = 20;
    const decimal TAX_RATE = 0.15;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    const TAX_RATE = 0.15d;
    ```

* It may be necessary to explicitly define the type descriptor when the constant is a complicated expression.

    **Example,**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const COMPLEX_VALUE = (50 * 2 + 100) % 256;
    
    // do

>     // The explicit `byte` type descriptor ensures this constant can be used where a `byte` is expected.

Author: ```suggestion
    // The explicit `byte` type descriptor here improves readability. 
    // It ensures that `COMPLEX_VALUE` can be safely used wherever a `byte` is expected.
```

>     const byte COMPLEX_VALUE = (50 * 2 + 100) % 256;

Reviewer 3: This is wrong according to the spec, right? once we support sem-type in the type checker this is no longer need, Right? Shall we skip this here?

Author: The type here was added based on the readability aspects. Updated the comment to reflect the purpose.

* Imports should be sorted alphabetically, first by the organization name and then by the module name.

## Constant declaration

* Use the SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE for constant names.

>     **Example,**

Reviewer 4: The page has uses both `:` and `,` after `Example`. The correct use of punctuation is the `:`.
```suggestion
    **Example:**
```
![image](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/assets/7709843/3398feb5-dd74-4782-a03c-c929674895be)

Author: Updated all places on the same page.

    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const minAge = 20;
    const MinAge = 20;
    const min_age = 20;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    ```

> * It is recommended to define the constants omitting the type descriptor, unless the type descriptor is used as the inherent type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* It is recommended to define the constants without the type descriptor, unless the type descriptor is used as the inherent type.
```

    **Example,**
    
    ```ballerina
    // don't
    const int MIN_AGE = 20;
    const decimal TAX_RATE = 0.15;
    
    // do
    const MIN_AGE = 20;
    const TAX_RATE = 0.15d;
    ```

> * It may be necessary to explicitly define the type descriptor when the constant is a complicated expression.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* It may be necessary to explicitly define the type descriptor when the constant is a compound expression.
```

Reviewer 3: WDYT?

Author: 'complex' or 'complicated' does imply the right meaning. 'compound expression' is confusing to me.

> * It may be necessary to explicitly define the type descriptor when the constant is a complicated expression.

Author: ```suggestion
* Explicitly defining the type descriptor can enhance readability, particularly when the constant is defined with a complex expression. This practice provides clarity about the expected type.
```

Author: @prakanth97 how about this?
